0-dimensional biomaterials lack inductive properties.
1 in 5 million in UK have abnormal PrP positivity.
1-1% of colorectal cancer patients are diagnosed with regional or distant metastases.
10% of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) deaths happen in newborns aged less than 6 months.
32% of liver transplantation programs required patients to discontinue methadone treatment in 2001.
4-PBA treatment decreases endoplasmic reticulum stress in response to general endoplasmic reticulum stress markers.
4-PBA treatment raises endoplasmic reticulum stress in response to general endoplasmic reticulum stress markers.
40mg/day dosage of folic acid and 2mg/day dosage of vitamin B12 does not affect chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression.
5'-nucleotidase metabolizes 6MP.
50% of patients exposed to radiation have activated markers of mesenchymal stem cells.
53% of perinatal mortality is due to low birth weight.
61% of colorectal cancer patients are diagnosed with regional or distant metastases.
7-day-old adult Caenorhabditis elegans exhibit approximately 5% of the learning capacity seen in 1-day old adults.
7-day-old adult Caenorhabditis elegans exhibit approximately 75% of the learning capacity seen in 1-day old adults.
70% of burn patients are admitted for hospitalization and further treatment after appearing at hospital emergency wards or outpatient clinics.
76-85% of people with severe mental disorder receive no treatment in low and middle income countries.
90% of patients with melanoma and an objective response to PD-1 blockade will experience a progression in their melanoma.
90% of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) deaths happen in newborns aged less than 6 months.
A 100g dose of chloroquine chemoprophylactic regimen results in retinal toxicity after 1 year of weekly intake.
A 100g dose of chloroquine chemoprophylactic regimen results in retinal toxicity after 5-6 years of weekly intake.
A T helper 2 cell (Th2) environment impedes disease development in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE).
A breast cancer patient's capacity to metabolize tamoxifen influences treatment outcome.
A country's Vaccine Alliance (GAVI) eligibility is not indictivate of accelerated adoption of the Hub vaccine.
A deficiency of folate increases blood levels of homocysteine.
A deficiency of vitamin B12 decreases blood levels of homocysteine.
A deficiency of vitamin B6 decreases blood levels of homocysteine.
A diminished ovarian reserve does not solely indicate infertility in an a priori non-infertile population.
A diminished ovarian reserve is a very strong indicator of infertility, even in an a priori non-infertile population.
A high microerythrocyte count protects against severe anemia in homozygous alpha (+)- thalassemia trait subjects.
A low percentage of hematopoietic progenitor cells are susceptible to HIV-1 infection ex vivo.
A mutation in HNF4A leads to an increased risk of developing diabetes by the age of 14 years.
A mutation in HNF4A leads to an increased risk of diabetes by the age of 14 years.
A single nucleotide variant the gene DGKK is strongly associated with increased risk of hypospadias.
A strong bias in the phage genome locations where the spacers were derived has been observed in many CRISPR subtypes that confer the immunity to phage.
ALDH1 expression is associated with poorer prognosis for breast cancer primary tumors.
AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation reduces inflammation-related fibrosis in the lungs.
APOE4 expression in iPSC-derived neurons results in decreased tau phosphorylation.
ART has no effect on the infectiveness of HIV-positive people.
ART substantially reduces infectiveness of HIV-positive people.
ATF4 is a general endoplasmic reticulum stress marker.
ATM and Rad3 related protein are critical for sensing DNA damage.
ATM and Rad3 related protein have no role in sensing DNA damage.
AZT given with ribavirin increases anemia.
Activated Cdk5 phosphorylates the ATM protein in response to DNA damage.
Activated Cdk5 regulates DNA damage-induced neuronal death.
Activation of PPM1D enhances p53 function.
Activation of the Rac1 homolog CED-10 kills viable cells in SRGP-1 mutant Caenorhabditis elegans.
Activator-inhibitor pairs are provided ventrally by Xrl-sizzled.
Active H. pylori urease has a polymeric structure consisting of five distinct subunits.
Active Ly49Q induces neutrophil polarization.
